[Messenger] AsMessageHandler can be used on class methods (#16774)
symfony/symfony-docs: messenger.rst

    using PHP 7.4), by implementing :class:`Symfony\\Component\\Messenger\\Handler\\MessageHandlerInterface`
    instead.

> .. note::
> 
>     As of Symfony 6.1, the ``AsMessageHandler`` attribute can be used on individual 
>     class methods as well. You may use the attribute on as many methods in a single
>     class as you like, allowing you to group the handling of multiple related types 
>     of messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. tip::

    You can also use the ``#[AsMessageHandler]`` attribute on individual class methods.
    You may use the attribute on as many methods in a single class as you like, allowing
    you to group the handling of multiple related types of messages.
    
.. versionadded:: 6.1

    Support for ``#[AsMessageHandler]`` on methods was introduced in Symfony 6.1.
```

Looks big (due to line breaks), but a minor suggestion: We always split describing a feature and saying "it's new". This way, we can blindly remove all 6.1 `versionadded` blocks in the future.

Reviewer 2: Thanks Wouter. I did this change while merging.
